README.md, before:

# [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com) - The Linux Fork

[![Build Status](https://brendanforster.visualstudio.com/desktop-linux/_apis/build/status/Azure%20Pipelines%20Build?branchName=linux)](https://brendanforster.visualstudio.com/desktop-linux/_build/latest?definitionId=10&branchName=linux)

GitHub Desktop is an open source [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)-based
GitHub app. It is written in [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org) and
uses [React](https://reactjs.org/).

![GitHub Desktop screenshot - Windows](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/359239/26094502/a1f56d02-3a5d-11e7-8799-23c7ba5e5106.png)

## What is this repository for?

This repository contains specific patches on top of the upstream
`desktop/desktop` repository to support Linux usage.

It also hosts preview packages for various Linux distributions:

 - AppImage (`.AppImage`)
 - Debian (`.deb`)
 - RPM (`.rpm`)

Check out the [latest releases](https://github.com/shiftkey/desktop/releases) to
help out with testing on your distribution.

## packagecloud

We use [PackageCloud](https://packagecloud.io/) for distributing
the installers for Debian and RPM-based distributions. These are not free services,
so if you can afford to help with these costs please [**Sponsor**](https://github.com/sponsors/shiftkey)
the project using the link in the header.

### Debian/Ubuntu distributions

To setup the package repository, run these commands:

```sh
$ wget -qO - https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/shiftkey-desktop.asc > /dev/null
$ sudo sh -c 'echo "deb [arch=amd64] https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/any/ any main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/packagecloud-shiftky-desktop.list'
$ sudo apt-get update
```

Then install GitHub Desktop:

```sh
$ sudo apt install github-desktop
```

### Red Hat/CentOS/Fedora distributions

To setup the package repository, run these commands:

```sh
$ sudo rpm --import https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey
$ sudo sh -c 'echo -e "[shiftkey]\nname=GitHub Desktop\nbaseurl=https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/el/7/\$basearch\nenabled=1\ngpgcheck=0\nrepo_gpgcheck=1\ngpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey" > /etc/yum.repos.d/shiftkey-desktop.repo'
```

Then install GitHub Desktop:

```sh
# if yum is your package manager
$ sudo yum install github-desktop

# if dnf is your package manager
$ sudo dnf install github-desktop
```

## Other Distributions

Arch Linux users can install GitHub Desktop from the
[AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/github-desktop-bin/).

`gnome-keyring` is required and the daemon must be launched either at login or when the X server is started. Normally this is handled by a display manager, but in other cases following the instructions found on the [Arch Wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/GNOME/Keyring#Using_the_keyring_outside_GNOME) will fix the issue of not being able to save login credentials.

## More information

Please check out the [README](https://github.com/desktop/desktop#github-desktop)
on the upstream [GitHub Desktop project](https://github.com/desktop/desktop) and
[desktop.github.com](https://desktop.github.com) for more product-oriented
information about GitHub Desktop.

## License

**[MIT](LICENSE)**

The MIT license grant is not for GitHub's trademarks, which include the logo
designs. GitHub reserves all trademark and copyright rights in and to all
GitHub trademarks. GitHub's logos include, for instance, the stylized
Invertocat designs that include "logo" in the file title in the following
folder: [logos](app/static/logos).

GitHub® and its stylized versions and the Invertocat mark are GitHub's
Trademarks or registered Trademarks. When using GitHub's logos, be sure to
follow the GitHub [logo guidelines](https://github.com/logos).

Commit message:

add section about known issues and add to Linux section (#537)

README.md, after:

# [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com) - The Linux Fork

[![Build Status](https://brendanforster.visualstudio.com/desktop-linux/_apis/build/status/Azure%20Pipelines%20Build?branchName=linux)](https://brendanforster.visualstudio.com/desktop-linux/_build/latest?definitionId=10&branchName=linux)

GitHub Desktop is an open source [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)-based
GitHub app. It is written in [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org) and
uses [React](https://reactjs.org/).

![GitHub Desktop screenshot - Windows](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/359239/26094502/a1f56d02-3a5d-11e7-8799-23c7ba5e5106.png)

## What is this repository for?

This repository contains specific patches on top of the upstream
`desktop/desktop` repository to support Linux usage.

It also hosts preview packages for various Linux distributions:

 - AppImage (`.AppImage`)
 - Debian (`.deb`)
 - RPM (`.rpm`)

Check out the [latest releases](https://github.com/shiftkey/desktop/releases) to
help out with testing on your distribution.

## packagecloud

We use [PackageCloud](https://packagecloud.io/) for distributing
the installers for Debian and RPM-based distributions. These are not free services,
so if you can afford to help with these costs please [**Sponsor**](https://github.com/sponsors/shiftkey)
the project using the link in the header.

### Debian/Ubuntu distributions

To setup the package repository, run these commands:

```sh
$ wget -qO - https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey | sudo tee /etc/apt/trusted.gpg.d/shiftkey-desktop.asc > /dev/null
$ sudo sh -c 'echo "deb [arch=amd64] https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/any/ any main" > /etc/apt/sources.list.d/packagecloud-shiftky-desktop.list'
$ sudo apt-get update
```

Then install GitHub Desktop:

```sh
$ sudo apt install github-desktop
```

### Red Hat/CentOS/Fedora distributions

To setup the package repository, run these commands:

```sh
$ sudo rpm --import https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey
$ sudo sh -c 'echo -e "[shiftkey]\nname=GitHub Desktop\nbaseurl=https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/el/7/\$basearch\nenabled=1\ngpgcheck=0\nrepo_gpgcheck=1\ngpgkey=https://packagecloud.io/shiftkey/desktop/gpgkey" > /etc/yum.repos.d/shiftkey-desktop.repo'
```

Then install GitHub Desktop:

```sh
# if yum is your package manager
$ sudo yum install github-desktop

# if dnf is your package manager
$ sudo dnf install github-desktop
```

## Other Distributions

Arch Linux users can install GitHub Desktop from the
[AUR](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/github-desktop-bin/).

`gnome-keyring` is required and the daemon must be launched either at login or when the X server is started. Normally this is handled by a display manager, but in other cases following the instructions found on the [Arch Wiki](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/GNOME/Keyring#Using_the_keyring_outside_GNOME) will fix the issue of not being able to save login credentials.

## Known issues

If you're having troubles with Desktop, please refer to the [Known issues](docs/known-issues.md#linux)
document for guidance and workarounds for common limitations.

## More information

Please check out the [README](https://github.com/desktop/desktop#github-desktop)
on the upstream [GitHub Desktop project](https://github.com/desktop/desktop) and
[desktop.github.com](https://desktop.github.com) for more product-oriented
information about GitHub Desktop.

## License

**[MIT](LICENSE)**

The MIT license grant is not for GitHub's trademarks, which include the logo
designs. GitHub reserves all trademark and copyright rights in and to all
GitHub trademarks. GitHub's logos include, for instance, the stylized
Invertocat designs that include "logo" in the file title in the following
folder: [logos](app/static/logos).

GitHub® and its stylized versions and the Invertocat mark are GitHub's
Trademarks or registered Trademarks. When using GitHub's logos, be sure to
follow the GitHub [logo guidelines](https://github.com/logos).
